
Goal:
I would like to analyze the summary file by looking at the SchemeSummary  and other info. Based on what the fraudsters do and design some features to monitor
For relevant providers.

Here are threet cases you may use as examples:
 - When I see some cases of providers in the domain of Home Health, Physical THerapy, speech therapy, TeleHealth, who charged insurance companies way more hours of service
   much more than it could,  I want to track the weekly hours of service for all clinic with one billing NPI.  This way, I may be able to identify clinics that has abrupt increase
   in service hours. This is to track the over-capacity issue.
 - When I see many cases of certain providers cheated on Medicare/ Medicaid by not having the treat=ment records.  I want to ask for medical records.patient receipts for these kind
   of services such as DME or prescription, proof of delivery.  For this, I will need to know what kind of services may have this kind of issue.
 - When I se a few cases where payer paid the fraudsters got paid even at times when their licenses expired or suspended,  I would like to have a feature called "Check License" 
   before paying the claims. 

Input file: /Users/max-imac/MaxWork/AgentWork/Download_FraudCases/downloaded/webtool/extractedSummary_2025_DOJ.csv

These are just a few examples.  Could you look at each of the examples and figure out ways to identify these cases before they got paid? And also design ways to check these cases so that they will be automatically identified, thus prevent them to be paid?
  
You may create the following for each of the fraud cases.  Each feature should have these elements:
 - Desired service groups such as Home Health, Telehealth, Physicial therapy, DEM etc.
 - Ways to identify these fraud cases
 - Features to be created to identify these cases 

After each features are obtained, please put similar ideas, ways and features into category. I would like you to create about 20 categories. 

Output:
Please output a csv file that contains all input file columns, plus the 3 new coluimns specified above.

Please create a new folder to hold all the codes and output. Let's name the folder as designFeatures_v2".
"
